It took him a while to realize that everything he decided not to change, he was actually choosing.
Edith could decide if she should paint her teeth or brush her nails.
Some bathing suits just shouldn’t be worn by some people.
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
My uncle's favorite pastime was building cars out of noodles.
She did a happy dance because all of the socks from the dryer matched.
You have no right to call yourself creative until you look at a trowel and think that it would make a great lockpick.
Jeanne wished she has chosen the red button.
The chic gangster liked to start the day with a pink scarf.
The shark-infested South Pine channel was the only way in or out.
He was all business when he wore his clown suit.
He kept telling himself that one day it would all somehow make sense.
Always bring cinnamon buns on a deep-sea diving expedition.
As he looked out the window, he saw a clown walk by.
It didn't make sense unless you had the power to eat colors.
He decided to count all the sand on the beach as a hobby.
The bullet pierced the window shattering it before missing Danny's head by mere millimeters.
If any cop asks you where you were, just say you were visiting Kansas.
They wandered into a strange Tiki bar on the edge of the small beach town.
It was the best sandcastle he had ever seen.
Nobody has encountered an explosive daisy and lived to tell the tale.
Pat ordered a ghost pepper pie.
The teens wondered what was kept in the red shed on the far edge of the school grounds.
The fact that there's a stairway to heaven and a highway to hell explains life well.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
We should play with legos at camp.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
The rusty nail stood erect, angled at a 45-degree angle, just waiting for the perfect barefoot to come along.
They desperately needed another drummer since the current one only knew how to play bongos.
Nancy decided to make the porta-potty her home.
The shooter says goodbye to his love.
Your girlfriend bought your favorite cookie crisp cereal but forgot to get milk.
The virus had powers none of us knew existed.
The complicated school homework left the parents trying to help their kids quite confused.
I purchased a baby clown from the Russian terrorist black market.
I received a heavy fine but it failed to crush my spirit.
I became paranoid that the school of jellyfish was spying on me.
He strives to keep the best lawn in the neighborhood.
Karen realized the only way she was getting into heaven was to cheat.
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
I used to practice weaving with spaghetti three hours a day but stopped because I didn't want to die alone.
He didn't heed the warning and it had turned out surprisingly well.
The fish dreamed of escaping the fishbowl and into the toilet where he saw his friend go.
They ran around the corner to find that they had traveled back in time.
Greetings from the real universe.
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.
Flesh-colored yoga pants were far worse than even he feared.
He learned the hardest lesson of his life and had the scars, both physical and mental, to prove it.
Trash covered the landscape like sprinkles do a birthday cake.
Imagine his surprise when he discovered that the safe was full of pudding.